Minor clean up on tech_preview link usage and version references (#400)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/con_ansible-based-deployment.adoc

[id="ansible-based-deployment_{context}"]
=  Ansible-based deployment of {Project}

include::../common/global/doc_tech_preview.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_abstract"]
ifeval::["{build}" == "upstream"]

> As of {OpenStack} Wallaby, you can preview the use of Ansible instead of Puppet for deploying {Project} ({ProjectShort}) components. The use of Ansible has the following advantages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of {OpenStack} {OpenStackVersion}, you can preview the use of Ansible instead of Puppet for deploying {Project} ({ProjectShort}) components. The use of Ansible has the following advantages:
```

Author: We can't use that here because that value changes and is dynamic. This note specifically is to call out Wallaby / 17.0 as the first release that contains this functionality. I did the same thing initially, but realized this value would say 13 for OSP13, etc.

Reviewer: Ah I get you!

endif::[]
ifeval::["{build}" == "downstream"]

> As of {OpenStack} 17.0, you can preview the use of Ansible instead of Puppet for deploying {Project} ({ProjectShort}) components. The use of Ansible has the following advantages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of {OpenStack} {OpenStackVersion}, you can preview the use of Ansible instead of Puppet for deploying {Project} ({ProjectShort}) components. The use of Ansible has the following advantages:
```
